Sagura Sagura
As long as I look at the sky of the night
When the sun rises in the spring
The autumn breeze blows and the next is winter
What's that?
I'm not talking about such a stupid thing
Even when the cherry blossoms fall
That child is a little different
I'm not sure how long it will last
You're ready, you're ready
Under the moon at midnight
I'm absorbed in my specialty boat
I'm far away from the waves
I'm getting off work
I don't need a car
I have a lot to talk about
I'm not sure how long it will last
I'm absorbed in my specialty boat
I'm far away from the waves
You're ready, you're ready
Even if you're a great sailor
You're good at it
This morning too
I was praised by Nanatsuya
I see
Nanatsuya is not an economic city
It's almost winter
Some people come here in the cold
I'm not a man
I'll be in the water
swimming
I'll still be Cristiano Ronaldo
for the first time
Do, do, do, do, do, do, do
This is the village
Money is making
Do, do, do, do, do, do, do